{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs66 \cf0 Moore Computer was part of a wave of fonts that designed to be detected by magnetic ink character recognition (MICR). You know the first one - E-13B, a numbers-only font used for the numbers on the bottom of your checkbook. Its characteristic traits - <describe them here> - started as a technical necessity, but grew to be an icon of 
\f1\i technology.
\f0\i0  Somewhere in between then and now, though, that image got flipped on its head. Moore Computer, once a vision of modernity, now speaks completely in the retro tense. \
\
How?\
\
When viewed at a glance, a distant point on the horizon might resemble the future. It\'92s ahead of us, isn\'92t it? But as time moves forward, that point comes nearer and nearer until one day we\'92re looking at it in the skin-wrinkling, belly-bloating, altogether unflattering rearview mirror. Fonts that articulate \'93the future\'94 as a specific, static design inevitably meet this fate. Their vision for an upcoming reality may turn out right or wrong, but either way it turns 
\f1\i out
\f0\i0 . \
\
Predicting the future is hard work, though, and should only be entrusted to the professional hands of storefront psychics and insider traders. Once Moore Computer was released from the burden to be 
\f1\i right 
\f0\i0 and 
\f1\i now,
\f0\i0  it was able to be itself. When I see it hawking its wares in vintage Etsy stores and posing for selfies on \'9170s IG moodboards, I see a playfulness that was missing when it was the spokesperson for computer manuals and appliance advertisements. It\'92s fun to hang out in Sunday morning cartoons, Spotify playlist images, thrift shop graphic T\'92s, and rave posters. \
\
Maybe it\'92s a midlife crisis, but so what? Life moves pretty fast and technology moves even faster. I\'92m glad Moore Computer was finally able to slow down and enjoy it.}