{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 DroidSansMonoDottedForPowerline;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf0 No question receives as inadequate an answer as \'93how was it?\'94 to a slow-thinking, blissed-out, directly-post-acid friend in the early evening hours after their trip. Their meandering memories are unordered, epiphanies inarticulate, warmth radiated out and smoked up like the incense they toppled over stumbling up to stretch.\
\
In their baked, fuzzy haze, thoughts become tantric mantras: abstract, unarguable phrases chanted until they achieve natural truth. If printed, perhaps on a natural fiber t-shirt tumble-washed to an eroded, soft-rough texture, or on a bumper sticker dried out by road trips through All-American deserts (Vermont winters, Texas tumbleweeds, Joshua Tree summers, Brooklyn asphalt), those thoughts would be rendered in Hobo.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Hobo has, above all else, a flared flair. Hobo is natural, organic, softly undulating. You can, if you go slow enough to fit in the spliffs and deeps conversations and naps, hike in bell bottom Lees. Hobo does. It\'92s died in her wool, after all. Hobo\'92s parents, those wonderful old hippies, are the kind who leave her a cash-poor inheritance comprised mostly of one-of-a-kind hand-me-downs in corduroy and denim and canvas and leather.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Maybe its because she\'92s easy going, or maybe (definitely) because of her copious hallucinogen intake, Hobo is always seems to be hanging around some new group. She makes fast friends waiting at the bar, smoking a cigarette outside, on line at the club. Their soft smile rarely parts to push words through, merely pursing and widening or in response to the conversation around them.\
\
Hobo enjoys drugs, she half-heartedly tells herself when trudging through life\'92s dopamine valleys, because receiving feeling is the truest form of honesty. The bitter cynicism lurking in the shadows is that Hobo fears they\'92re merely a ripe target for projection. After all, isn\'92t their soft, smooth brain is the perfect palette for the soaring emotional arcs of a trip? And their sincere and silent tight-lipped smile - supposedly beautiful - isn\'92t that just a safe haven for the hurt souls who seek their audience?\
\
Enough with the gloom. It was a long trip. Hobo was happy, sad, here, there, warm, shivering, enflamed, burnt up, elongated, and now contently - truly contently - wrung out.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93How was it,\'94 you ask again. \'93Ohhhh, you knoooow,\'94 Hobo replies, her voice\'92s melody harmonizing to the past day\'92s feelings now scrambling around her mind. \'93How are you?\'94}