{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww51000\viewh27180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs94 \cf0 Any given Saturday night, you\'92ll find Recoleta in her bedroom (second floor, left of the stairs, if you hit that picture of Grandma and Grandpa in college you\'92ve gone too far). She\'92s imaging a chiller life. Or maybe it\'92s just different. But it certainly doesn\'92t have the Common App website, or follower counts, or numbers at all for that matter, and 
\f1\i certainly certainly 
\f0\i0 not Tim
\f1\i  
\f0\i0 (we don\'92t like Tim anymore).\
\
Recoleta was born in the wrong time. The 60s were for her. Or was it the 70s? When was Fleetwood Mac? And shoot, Stranger Things Finn clenched his jaw in the 80s, right? Well\'85 
\f1\i any 
\f0\i0 of those times would be better than now. There\'92d be neighborhood kids, and no one would ask her about college, and she\'92d fit in, and sleep would just be the time in between montages.\
\
Recoleta\'92s look is a collage of her style icons. That angled stroke in her lowercase \'93e\'94 - that\'92s pure Windsor. After they stopped talking, Tim started a rumor that she draws it on in the mirror each morning. Well, I guess not a rumor because it\'92s true. But Tim doesn\'92t know about Marilyn Monroe or Madonna. And when she\'92s feeling a bit bloated and cocoons in her baggy groutfit, Recoleta\'92s rounded strokes and nib-y serifs are a splitting image of Cooper Black.\
\
\
\
\
\
}