{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs68 \cf0 Shatter\'92s rib cage pokes through their pale skin. Any fat Shatter once had was burned long ago from sweaty nights dancing and cold muscles shivering and thoughts spinning so fast that Shatter forgot to eat. Shatter is completely, utterly, burnt, speeding on fumes, running and gnashing and grinding until the friction rips them into ash and smoke and acrid fumes. \
\
Before falling face-first onto sharp rails of cocaine that Shattered them into jagged shards, they were a clean, orderly, crisp Helvetica. Looking at their pieces, angled forward and stuttering back, Shatter\'92s particularly handy and hopeful friends imagine they can put Shatter back together. Maybe they can. Never perfect, never seamless, never like they were - that Eden is gone - but together in some comfortable, human sobriety. \
\
Some who have already tried to help, though, aren\'92t so sure. \'93The breaks might be too clean and complete,\'94 they worry in hushed tones, \'93and I\'92m not sure there\'92s a surface for the glue to adhere and bring Shatter back together.\'94 If they\'92re right, if Shatter\'92s anxious feedback loop has indeed rung too loud, the only way to quiet Shatter might be by unplugging them altogether - a thought entirely out of the question and alarmingly realer each day.\
\
For now, Shatter will remain suspended in the cracked acrylic amber of their panicked mania. A breaking point - one we try not talk about anymore - brought about their Shattering. One day, God willing, another will bring about their Recovery.}