{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs70 \cf0 There is a point in every house-party - usually when 3 distinct conversational nuclei have formed - that the apartment\'92s entryway turns into a claustrophobic funhouse mirror. Your mind goes black during along through the walk of shame from the cold door towards the pulsing mass of bodies. There 
\f1\i they 
\f0\i0 are, over 
\f1\i there
\f0\i0 , and here 
\f1\i I 
\f0\i0 am, jacketed and shoed, cardboard handle of a spiked seltzer six-pack digging into my sweaty palm, silently searching for a friend to take in my refugee eyes.\
\
That is, of course, unless Vibro is hosting the party.\
\
When you walk in the door Vibro - the one-of-a-kind hippie beauty who a second ago was giving their undivided attention to another striking, they-must-have-done-some-modelling friend - welcomes you with a yelp and a broad smile and outstretched arms. Right away Vibro is Vibro, and Vibro is 
\f1\i so glad
\f0\i0  to see you.\
 \
Peerless beauty like Vibro\'92s should not be this inclusive and accessible. Why does a font so self possessed make so much immediate sense? \
\
Vibro\'92s one-of-a-kind stuttered strokes, which range from 3 to 5 lanes wide, paradoxically force it into using the most 
\f1\i simple
\f0\i0  shapes possible. Look at that C - have you ever seen as C a C as that? Or the W? Vibro does a great Wes Anderson impression, making room for its visually dense quirks by adhering to spare and essential geometric compositions.\
\
It is just so damn fun to watch Vibro. To see them talk with flying hands and expressive eyes, to see how they move in space. Susan Sontag wrote that \'93style is a means of insisting on something.\'94 Vibro\'92s style - parallel rows of 3 - 5 strokes that flow in straight lines and circular arcs - is so fun and plainly obvious that it almost evades the need to insist on it.}