{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs58 \cf0 The modern cannabis consumer/conneseiour (MCC/C) knows there are three key data points (3-KDPs) to evaluate when selecting a giggle grass to mellow their harsh: delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (\uc0\u916 -9-THC), CBD (CBD), and, crucially, 
\f1\b brand identity
\f0\b0 . \
\
Thanks to its wide popularity, weed\'92s moderate categorical diversity gives consumers a feeling of control free from the burden of creation. Run your eyes at the selection on the shelf: whispy scripts centered over washed out pastels, matte black blocks drilled into glossy precious metal, merry old tattoos inked on tan paper. \
\
Why the schisms in window dressing? Boomers bought things. Millennials bought experiences. Now, young folks purchase states of being - ideally visible ones. It\'92s natural for consumers to come to age, after all. Weed has. Marijuana\'92s polyamorous relationship with private equity and Pentagram design gas led it to embrace its professional Brand Identity: relaxed, coherent, attractive, and pristine.\
\
If only those promises came true. Like drinking with your parents, smoking is fun in theory and hilarious in stories. But in reality, few are cool enough to do it without feeling a touch off. Both happened most in college, at high school grad parties and Thanksgivings back home and second cousins\'92 weddings. They were narcotics to dull the lonely, low-grade pain that started acting up after flying (falling?) out of the nest.\
\
There is no singular font for weed because weed has full entered the public market: a buyer\'92s market (confused, inebriated, unsatisfied buyers), and thus a marketer\'92s market. It is defined by the surface-level diversity pulling it in every direction and, ultimately, nowhere.}