{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs94 \cf0 Childhood bedrooms are sacred spaces. In them we do x and y and z and say some other stuff about them. Make people think of their own one. \
\
Any given Thursday night, you\'92ll find Recoleta in hers - second floor, left of the stairs, if you hit the picture of Abuelita you\'92ve gone too far - imaging a better world. Or maybe it\'92s just different. But it certainly doesn\'92t have (person who\'92s mean to her) or (thing that gives her anxiety). It just has (nostalgic thing) and (other nostalgic thing) and (maybe add a 3rd one, depending on rhythm and space).\
\
Recoleta was born in the wrong time. The 60s were for her. Or was it the 70s? When was Carole King? And damn, no one\'92s ever understood her like Finn in Stranger Things and thats the 80s, right? Regardless - 
\f1\i any 
\f0\i0 of those times would be better than now. There\'92d be neighborhood kids, and no one would ask her about college, and she\'92d fit in, and sleep would just be the time in between montages.\
\
Maybe you can talk a bit about the weights do some context switching, much like all kids do? Or how they communicate different retros and all Recoleta is really about is the retro.\
\
You can compare the historic wanderlust she has now with the American Girl Dolls she used to collect}