{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs76 \cf0 Many fonts hit the ground running. Most reflect their era\'92s aesthetic, and a lucky few define it. But Egyptienne peaked late. Not a 5th-year-senior, \'93I know all the moves,\'94 slippery, sinisterly suave late peak. Egyptienne was a foreign exchange student from another time, lucky enough to be well received but never totally understood.\
\
No one is quite sure when Egyptienne was born - some say 1820, others 1851. Egyptienne was born in the time before birthdays, when people were too busy toiling in fields and being generally itchy to write down a birthday. But after a century and a half in the flip-over pages of typeface catalogs, Egyptienne moved to the big city and blew up. All of a sudden, it was on album covers and movie posters and newsstands.\
\
Why? Egyptienne is bold and self-assured. It has enough character to be interesting at large sizes. And yet it remains readable at small ones. When the Dutch celebrate Sinterklaas (ADD A NOTE HERE ON THE BLACKFACE) on Sinterklaas Eve, they give each other large chocolate bars in the shape of their initials. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chocolate_letter#cite_note-Chocolate_letter_font-1"}}{\fldrslt Egyptienne is typically the font}}. It\'92s fun enough to fit a festive spirit, but legible enough to be printed in industrial quantities of melty, waxy chocolate.\
\
Egyptienne reminds me of the suits men wore to the office in the 70s. While still formal, they were bolder than the white collar workwear of previous decades: wider lapels, flared legs, brighter colors. This balance between restrained formality and fashion-forward creativity makes sense in the contexts Egyptienne thrived: the covers of hip social commentary magazines like {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fontsinuse.com/uses/30730/new-york-magazine-1960s-1970s"}}{\fldrslt New York Magazine}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fontsinuse.com/uses/16766/fact-magazine-covers"}}{\fldrslt Fact}}. Intellectual but provocative, cerebral but visceral. It\'92s a good thing it waited those 150 years - when its time came, Egyptienne was a perfect fit.\
}